Added FAQs page (#7002)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/cci-academy-faqs.md

---
layout: classic-docs

> title: CCI Academy FAQs

Reviewer: I recommend expanding CCI to CircleCI throughout

Author: Done!

description: FAQs for CCI Academy
---

## CCI Academy

### How do I view my registered courses?

Go to your profile by clicking on your profile avatar in the upper right- hand corner of the page. You should see a list of both registered and completed courses at the bottom of the page.

> ### What if I finished a course, but it doesn’t show as completed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What if I finished a course, but it does not show as completed?
```

Double-check to see if you have completed all learning modules and quizzes. If you have, check for a completion date on your registered courses page.

### What if a page, course, or lesson is not working?

Please [submit a ticket here](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/ccibug) to our team about the issue. We will work on getting that fixed as soon as possible.

### How can I give feedback on CCI Academy or request a course?

Thanks for being willing to help us improve our website. You can [submit general feedback and course requests here](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/DZ5ML9S).

## CCI Application

> For questions regarding our app, please check out our [docs page]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/faq/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions regarding the CircleCI web app, please check out our [general FAQ docs page]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/faq/).
```
